Targeting Basics
--------------
Purpose of Intelligence
F3EAD Cycle
SIGINT Targeting requirements


Purpose of Intelligence
----
Reduce uncertainty for a decision maker
Enabling "Decision Advantage" for decision-makers at all levels.
What is targeting?
Targeting is a combination of intelligence functions, planning, battle command, weaponeering, operational execution and combat assessment(CA) used to meet a desired end state.

Using the right tool, for right target, at the right time.

Targeting is a continuous process that maintains pace with the dynamics of an ever-chaning battlefield situation. In addition to the enemy situation, the inputs that drive this process come from higher headquarters' plans, orders, and priorities.


F3EAD Cycle
------------
Find
Fix - Goal is pattern of life
Finish - persistent collection of a product 
Exploit - gain access and see what the target is doing
Analyze - 
Disseminate - Is infinite and goes in with all of the steps

How is intelligence converted from data into action?

How are the results of actions converted into ongoing intelligence?

What do I know? 
Who needs to know it? 
Have I told them?


Find phase
--
The start point for intelligence collection (do not focus too much on one area that you miss a whole lot of other important information)


SIGINT - Find
--
Close Target Recon, ISR, Source enabled operations, content analysis
The goal is to get the target identified and plan for follow on operations to achieve time place predictability required for desired end state.


Fix phase
--
Once a target is identified, the full gamut of intelligence collection capability is applied against the target in order to decelop operational triggers to "fox" the target in space and time.

ISR, CTR, COLLECTION, Pattern of Life (POL) DEVELOPMENT, LOCATIONAL DATA

To have a target "FIXED" you have a good POL to include Bed Down Location (BDL), work, associated. Put plainly a fix is making a target time place predictable. Thiis allows for operations against this target to succeed. 
Put a pin in the map!


De-authentication attack with EAPOL packets
-----------------
WPA2 EAPOL 4-way handshake
--
Key components:
PMK: Pairwise Master Key
  Generated from the PSK
PSK - Pre-Shared Key:
  The seed of it all is either a 256-bit key or is derived from a passphrase using the SSID as a salt

PSK=PBKDF2(HMAC-SHA1, Passphrase + SSID, 4096, 256)

This whole process is based on the assumption that both the authenticator and supplicant know the PMK. it is never transmitted.


Nonces (M1 & M2)
  ANONCE - AP generated random number
  SNONCE - Client generated random number
  Both introduce uniqueness/randomness to that session's variables

PTK - Pairwise Transit Key:
  Encrypts uni-cast traffic between the AP and cient
  Dependent on the PMK
PTK = SHA1(PMK + ANONCE + SNONCE + A-MAC + S + MAC)

GMK - Group Master Key
  Generated by the Authenticator
  Used to create the GTK

GTK - Group Temporal Key
  Encrypts broadcast and multi-cast traffic
  Shared between all clients associated to an AP












